
1. EF is much easier to use than SQL client. SQL is very error prone due to use of raw strings. EF provides high-level abstraction over underlying database, and is easier to write and maintain than SQL. Easier to map business objects.

2. The connection string is a string that can be found in the properties of a databse used to connect to the 
database. The connection string is used in code to make queries. It contains server instance, database name and authentication details.

3. Scaffolding is the conversion of data base entities into classes. It produces an EF model from existing database.

4. Classes are generated from a database during scaffolding. A class is generated per table, with the classes containing a property that represents each column.

5. The Db Context instance represents a session with the database. It used used to query and save changes to 
database.

6. One to many relationshis are represented with COLLECTION NAVIGATION properties in the principle entity and a
reference navigation within the dependent entity, e.g:

public virtual ICollection<Order> Orders {get; set;}	//In Customers class
public virtual DbSet<Customer> Customers { get; set; }	//In Orders class

7. A using statement defines a scope for the use of an object. At the end of the scope the object is disposed.

8. Partial class is 

9. Model first approach is 

EF is eager loaded. Eager loading is loading data prior use. Lazy loading is loading data upon request

OO and relational approach
In the relational approach, data is structured in tables of rows and columns

LINQ AND LAMBDA
1. Method and query syntax. Query syntax looks similar to SQL queries. Method syntax typically involves 
method chaining and lambda expressions to produce queries.

2.LINQ queries are executed once they are enumerated over.

3.lambda expressions are used to create anonymous functions in place.

YAML is a human-readable data serialization language that is often used for writing configuration files.
XML is a markup language and file format for storing, transmitting, and reconstructing arbitrary data.
JSON isa text based way of representin JS object literals, arrays and scalar data.
JSJON 

Asynchronous methods keywords:
async in method signature
Task or Tast<T> return type.
The await keyword.

YAML files must start with --- to indicate the start of a new document. YAML uses key-value pairs and 
can represent arrays. YAML uses whitespace to infer

yaml: "this aint markup language". 
JSON: JavaScript Object Notation. Quotes are redundant
number: 9
bool: true
fruit:
- Mangoes
- PIneapples
- Apples

Serialisation is when you serialise a form of data. They are streamed in bit by bit
